Ways to Contribute
You can contribute to Galactic Text Lab in several ways:

* Reporting Issues: Help improve Galactic Text Lab by reporting bugs, suggesting enhancements, or providing feedback.
* Submitting Code Fixes: Fix issues listed in the issue tracker or address any identified bugs.
* Adding Features: Implement new features or enhance existing functionalities.
* Improving Documentation: Enhance the README.md file, update documentation, or provide examples.
* Reviewing Pull Requests: Review and provide constructive feedback on pull requests from other contributors.

Getting Started

Setting Up Your Development Environment
Fork the Repository: Clone the repository to your GitHub account and create a local copy.



git clone https://github.com/RoguePayload/GalacticTextLab.git
cd galactic-text-lab
Install Dependencies: Install necessary dependencies using pip.



pip install -r requirements.txt
Set Up API Keys: Obtain and configure API keys for NASA and IBM Watson as described in the README.md file.

Making Changes
Create a Branch: Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.



git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
Code: Implement your changes, adhering to the coding style and guidelines used in the project.

Test: Ensure all existing tests pass and write new tests as needed to validate your changes.

Submitting Changes
Commit: Commit your changes with clear and descriptive commit messages.

git add .
git commit -m "Add feature/fix issue: concise description"
Push: Push your changes to your forked repository.

git push origin feature/your-feature-name
Create Pull Request: Submit a pull request (PR) to the main branch of the original repository. Provide a detailed description of your changes, including any relevant information for reviewers.

Review Process
Your pull request will undergo review by project maintainers. Feedback or changes may be requested to ensure compatibility and adherence to project standards.
Once approved, your changes will be merged into the main branch and become part of the next release.
Code of Conduct
Please adhere to our Code of Conduct in all interactions related to Galactic Text Lab.

Contact
For questions, support, or further information, contact us at info@roguepayload.space

Acknowledgments
We appreciate all contributions to Galactic Text Lab and acknowledge the efforts of our contributors in making this project successful.